Backend part: (server folder)
The router folder holds the file that routes the website url, like what will be served at what route/path/url. 
What will be served is done by controller folder.
The controller folder holds the files that will handle the request and send the response back to the user. (main action done.)

To connect with database mongodb:
1: create utils folder and db.js like file inside it.
2: npm i mongodb mongoose
3: import mongoose and URI (from .env file) in db.js file and connect with db, inside a function and export that function.
4: create a .env file in server folder and create a variable then assign it the mongodb uri (not in bouble quote), 
also can install dotenv official extension.
5: In db.js file fetch the uri from .env file in a var, like const URI= process.env.var_name;
6: import and call the function from db.js file in server.js file to connect with db.
7: in server.js/index.js file import db.js file and "require("dotenv").config();" this.
8: finally to connect with db call that function exported from db.js file.
9: most important keep require("dotenv").config(); on the top of file code or before importing db.js file.
10: to get the uri from atlas cloud, click on connect -> drivers -> then copy the uri (follow all 3 steps), write 
password in <password> and db name btw "/?" these in uri.

How to encrypt/hash (change password into hash before saving in db/for registration) password:
1: npm i bcryptjs
2: const bcrypt =  require('bcryptjs'); in user-model.js file.
3: now do the coding of hashing in part after schema definition and before model creation.

Using JWT in project:
1: npm i jsonwebtoken
2: const jwt = require('jsonwebtoken'); in server/index.js file and in user-model.js file.
3: Do the main coding of creation of jwt token in user-model file, and can also show the token and userid details in 
output in controller file (i think only at development time).
Note: JWT tokens are used like a session (stateless) after login. after login a token is generated with specified time 
period (life span), everytime the request is made to server by 
client then with request token is send to server to validate the request. Token is signed with secret key mentioned in 
.env file. It gives a secure and stateless way to manage user sessions.

Form validation using ZOD:
1: npm i zod
2: create folder validators and file auth-validator.js
3: const { z } = require('zod'); in auth-validator file then write the validation code in that file and export that function.
4: create folder middlewares and file validate-middleware.js in this file create function that will validate user data 
with validation parametes set, then export that function.
5: in router file import both function from both file.
6: now in register route (or any other route you want to validate) call the middleware from validate-middleware file 
and pass the schema (the validating schema) as parameter, like validate(signupSchema); here validate is middleware 
function and signupSchema is validating schema.

error middleware:
Any error comes in any file/code it will be forwarded to one file and that file will forward the error to frontend.
next() middleware/function is used to pass the error to error middleware.
1: create error-middleware file in middleware folder:
2: in this file create a function that will handle the error by taking error and returning it to calling function, 
also export that function.
3: in server.js file import that function and call it in error middleware (app.use(errorMiddleware)).
4: instead of res.status(400).json(error), use next(error) middleware to send to errors to errorMiddleware function.

Contact form:
1: To create Contact form Backend in router folder create file Contact-route.js and add the code.
2: now create schema of Contact form in Contact-model.js file in models folder.
3: now create Contact-controller.js file in controllers folder and add the code.
4: import the Contact-router.js file in server.js file and Contact-model.js file in controller file.

CORS Policy error handling:
when frontend is running on different port and Backend is on diff. port then cors (cross origin resource sharing) error comes.
To handle this cors package is used.
1: npm i cors
2: in server.js file import cors package and add the code.
